---
title: My Name
layout: post
author: eliot.southwell
permalink: /my-name/
source-id: 1DbzMaPHMBWgeWoAVvJBIoRWqjCGJLapOvPawkG4zHyw
published: true
---
<table class="table1">
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>My Name</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>10/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table class="table1">
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>The outline of an E and A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To make my initials in 'bubble writing'</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>Almost</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table class="table1">
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we logged onto Repl and continued our old projects. Our task was to create our initials and then draw them out by drawing the outline of them as if they were a shape, aka 'bubble writing'. I managed to make the E and I changed the width of the A so it looked like a filled in version but then came the ‘S’. I created one side of it but then when I came for the other side it was much harder. I made a curver top half which looked interesting but then when I was doing the end of it the lesson ended.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning the most was that I wasn’t thinking about how the ‘S’ could be made easily but just tried things that looked right. I think that I need to take some time to plan the shapes before I code them in.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try and take more time to think about what I am about to code before I do it, especially the hard bits. Also I will improve my learning by looking back at my code and see what I could do to make it more simple.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


